that this is the moment the boys arrive
very mature they arrive very convinced with
a lot of self-confidence I think that
collectively the team is also
fantastic is a very good group both
those who have played more like those who do not
I think it's a moment they include
that this one the time to ascend and
surely then let's fight for it
no, we're not going to let him get away with these
motives told us the coach of
Castilla who trusted in his
team is also your moment because
face the big challenges as a team
veteran despite his youth up
now there have been two fire tests in
the season for the first subsidiary the
lugo party in the carriage angel and
shock in the ramón de carranza in front of the
cádiz
in the first the castle was played
practically ensures the playoff and be
champion and in just 13 minutes I was going
winning 0 to 3 in the field of the second
classified joselu marked in the
minutes 3 and 8 and pedro mosquera scored the
0 to 3 in the 13 cut distances on
But the castle managed to score
two more plus the first by means of
juanfran at minute 46 and again
joselu almost touching the end of the game
the Galician top scorer of group 1 with a
'hat trick' pulled the team that
takes advantage of his seniority was not in vain
already played in the second division and
it also happened in the ramón de carranza
with maturity calculating the times
reading well the party the castilla knew
face a hostile environment to a
very difficult team and win again with
solvency 0 to 3 with double of joselu
again decisive in the moments
determinants and a spectacular play
collective that ends with morata goal
certified that the castilla is a young
veteran team on big dates the
subsidiary has not failed